Document how an unhealthy node can be accessed over SSH (#222)
appuio/openshift4-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/debug-nodes.adoc

= Access nodes for debugging

== Healthy nodes

You can access nodes for debugging with `oc debug node` as long as the Kubernetes API is available and pods can be scheduled on the node.

> If this isn't the case see the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this isn't the case see the <<Unhealthy nodes>>.
```

Please check with preview if this link actually works. Otherwise, check https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/macros/xref/ for alternatives.
